Put back in a requirement to store recent signed blocks (#1648)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/phase0/p2p-interface.md

The request MUST be encoded as an SSZ-container.

The response MUST consist of zero or more `response_chunk`. Each _successful_ `response_chunk` MUST contain a single `SignedBeaconBlock` payload.

> Clients MUST keep a record of signed blocks seen since the since the start of the weak subjectivity period and MUST support requesting blocks up to the given `head_block_root`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clients MUST keep a record of signed blocks seen since the since the start of the weak subjectivity period and MUST support serving requests of blocks up to their own `head_block_root`.
```

Wording was strange here, and I think we should be defining what the responder must support? @djrtwo

Reviewer 2: looks good
